elf bow weilder light armor

dwarf hammer weilder heavy armor

tiefling warlock

old missions from Elleon

Meet Thormot Bodagh in Luton, retrieve item, 1000gp

Aralia - female Tiefling Bard
-- Aralia was always one to attach herself to social groups. She grew up an orphan but learned how to manipulate her way into beneficial situations. She often targets the most powerful people she sees. It helped that she was always quite beautiful. She was a maiden at a noble's court when she saw how a traveling troupe of musicians were able to captivate a crowd while the boy that hauled their equipment in was able to relieve the nobility of their coin purses. She left the noble's court and joined up with the troupe. She quickly learned the way of the bard and had been venturing out alone when she met up with her two Bloodblade companions. They became her next meal ticket and she's stuck with them since, finding plenty of gold to be made adventuring with them.

She's truly looking out for her own self interest but isn't afraid to throw some spice into the mix. She's beautiful and has an incredible voice and skills on the lyre. She is willing to betray those around her if she thinks she sees a better path forward.

Fraig Stonehammer - male dwarven fighter
Fraig was taught by his father that a dwarf is most useful with a warhammer in his hand. Trained from an early age he joined the military in his home city. After years of service he was discharged, probably for his overly aggressive tactics. While training he met Glynfir Shadowwish and when he was discharged decided to pair up and leave their home city. They've been adventuring together for years by the time they met Aralia. Fraig is the defacto leader of the bloodblades

Glynfir Shadowwish - male elven fighter
A mute - he used his bow skills to pay his way through life. Either as a military member or an adventurer Glynfir always had a sharp eye and quick pull. His only real companion has been Fraig Stonehammer. Probably because Fraig speaks enough for the both of them. 