Coming back to the game -

The cavern around you echoes with the sounds of Greta's thunderwave. Dust falls from the ceiling as the walls finish shaking from the shear force. Anything else in this mine is certainly aware of your pressence. 

Milldrop's passive perception picks up the sounds of rustling feathers, and lots of movement from a further cavern.

Depending on what they do the next area might be empty. Covered in bird droppings. If the group decides to rest another Galeb Duhr will come scouting for them.

Before moving into 6 or 20 there are dwarven markings above the entrances that say "To Lower Level"

6 - rolling boulder trap by entrance to 4

DC 10 to spot
DC 15 to disarm
DC 15 DEX to avoid
2d6 damage

9 - You find what was probably the remains of one of the miners. Only bones remain. Investigation of 13 to see that he was turning to stone? You find 15 gold near the body and some very old shovels and a pick axe

15 - A heard of cockatrice appears to have made their home here. It smells terrible and there are eggs and nests and droppings all over. (The cockatrice have retreated to 3).
Looking around can find some old cockatrice bones and cockatrice eggs. 

4, 14, 16 - an Earth Elemental is patrolling this area. It can be avoided if people move carefully but they will likely be spotted due to the earth feeling ability of the elementals. The party can hear it coming and try to hide.

Above the entrance to this area is dwarven runes that say "Foreman's Cavern"

1 - As the entrances to this room are approached the party can make out humanoid figures. Upon closer inspection these appear to be statues. They're incredibly realistic and appear to be old as well. As they move past the entrances there are more statues all looking towards the center of the cavern in fear. 

This is a medusa's lair. (Fill lair with some statues for flavor)

//Loot for medusa
+1 shortsword and 5 +1 Arrows
150 GP

20 - rolling boulder trap by entrance to 16/22

DC 10 to spot
DC 15 to disarm
DC 15 DEX to avoid
2d6 damage

16/18/12/11 - the earth and stone of the walls and ceiling around you are strange. There are abnormal soil patterns and coloring weaving through the usual rock and stone. As you move further into the mine you can tell that these soil abnormalities are becoming more and more frequent as the veins of strange soil and colors become larger.

33 - In front of you is a large chasm - possibly a collapsed part of the mine. It's about 20 feet across. (30 feet deep). 

43 - You can tell you've ventured into the deepest part of the mine at this point. The walls in this area are completely formed by the strange unatural rock you've seen throughout the cavern. As you make your way into the cavern at the end of the tunnel you see that this must have been as far as the mining got. There are no other tunnels leading out of this cavern. At its center is an earthy magical portal that's slowly pulsing with magical energy. 

From behind you suddenly hear a shout

"Wait! Don't get any closer!"

It's Altran

~Altran will explain that what they're seeing is a portal to the earth plane and that it must be closed. It's likely where all the creatures in this mine have originated from. He knows how to close it but it will take him a bit of time. As he begins the ritual two basilisks will slither out. He warns them to look away as they engage.

After the fight Altran will have closed the portal and he can help explain how to unstone anyone who may have been turned. (Gather blood from the corpses and he can brew up a potion, or see if Vasili can help)

After this he can explain how he knew to come here:

~As part of his investigation into Everwinter he felt a strange pulse of magical energy coming from this area so he came to investigate. Elleon's men in the surrounding area told him the group had entered the mine and so he immediately came in after his most loyal customers. 

~He's unsure about the origin of the portal. In his experience only a great force could cause such a disturbance in the planes. Although he does feel that Everwinter may be at the center of what he calls an 'elemental convergence' but he needs to do more research. 

Loot at the end: 200GP in coins - A crate of potions labeled as: Growth, Hill Giant Strength, Water Breathing, and Thunder Resistance