Name:

    Horkin Applegrove

Occupation and History:

    Personal assistant to Elleon. Oversees many of the plans for Everwinter while Elleon is absent. He's the defacto second in charge.

Appearance:

    Male halfing. Wears expensive but modest clothing. Red hair and freckles. Young for an adult halfling. Often carrying a ledger or notebook of some kind. Of average height for a halfling - 3 feet tall. Glasses.

Abilities:

    ++Intelligence
    --Wisdom

General Information:

    Horkin is going to be the main antagonist in the adventure. He latched onto Elleon early in his career seeing opportunity working for someone he considers 'intellectually infereor'. He's been playing the game and worked his way into his current position as Elleon's assistant. He thinks the entire idea behind this Everwinter endeavor is a monumental waste of time but more importantly, a waste of money.

    Elleon has trusted Horkin too easily and Horkin now controls a vast amount of power within Elleon's organization. He controls the coin going out and often is dealing with the coin coming in. He's made quite a number of connections in his own right while working under Elleon. His distate for Everwinter grows with every day - he hates every minute there. Eventually he comes up with the idea of offing Elleon and the town all at once. If the entire town was leveled with Elleon no one would question it. Everyone knows that Everwinter is in a dangerous part of the world. And he could escape with most of Elleon's gold. Since he's just a regular ass halfling his plan is to use forbidden magics to summon a demon - specifically a Nalfeshnee (which is a deadly encounter for 5 level 7 players - probably a good place to end everything). He's gathering magical items in order to perform this ritual. 

    He has his own hired band of adventurers who are assisting in hunting down the items he needs for the ritual. These adventurers were also told to sow evilness wherever they can - so they are responsible for many of the problems plaguing the town in some capacity. It pleases Horkin to know the town is suffering.

    He should come off well informed of what's going on around town but not nearly as much as a character as Elleon. He's well put together, curt, and often generous towards Elleon's hired adventurers. He doesn't want to rouse any suspicions. 

    At some point the adventurers should be tricked into working for him in some way - perhaps tracking down Horkin's lost adventurers or just securing a magical item for him. Maybe he pretends to be a dealer/collector or magical items. He can have a collection of things to show off to the adventurers at some point.
