Name: Winna Mustgrave

Occupation and History: A 609 year old Elven woman and Elleon's mother. She was 9 years old when Everwinter first experienced the Elemental Convergence. She was young and doesn't remember all the details. Her family lived in the forest to the west of Everwinter. The elf clan in the forest was migratory, but Everwinter became a semi permanent settlement together with a community of dwarves. She remembers traveling into town frequently with her parents. There were always interesting people around town and things to see. 

She remembers the last day her elven clan had in Everwinter - she recalls a meeting with the Elders and lots of hushed discussion. Her father had to go into town while she stayed with her mother. She remembers a loud noise, even from the forest. A bright light lit up the sky near the town. Her mother and the other elves got spooked and fled the forest, away from town. It had always been her dream to return to her childhood home - but as far as she knew it was destroyed, or worse.

When she was 75 she finally left the migratory clan and her mother behind to find her own way. She ended up working for a traveling merchant and learned some business tricks. She saved some money and eventually started her own small business selling hand crafted elven goods. She grew her business and earned a small fortune. About 70 years ago she had a fling with a human - Voam Fevib. He was good to her, and she loved him but it wasn't meant to last. But he left his mark, and she had Elleon.

Elleon took after her and found his own path in business. She guided him and mentored him but ultimately left him to find his own way as she did. She thought his obsession with her child home was strange, but she loved telling him fantastical stories about it when he was a child. She's been sending letters with him back and forth and he convinced her to come visit his work in progress. She's not sure what to expect...and she'll have questions about the town and what's happening.

Appearance: White, light colored hair. Piercing green eyes. Clothes that are plain but clearly well made and expensive. Same with fine jewelry. She has diamond earings.

Abilities: High charisma, and wisdom scores. Nature and Survival checks.

Talent:

Mannerism:

Interactions with others: Always polite, willing to listen, empathetic, stern, and well spoken.

Useful knowledge: Some knowledge on the background of Everwinter.
Her people discovered the natural occuring silver but didn't know how to work with it. They understood the value. They had traded with the dwarves to the north fairly often and shared their discovery. They ended up forming a small society based around the mine and the elves settled down. The town slowly grew and became a little trading hub.
She knew her people hunted for the keys before the convergence happened. She recalls talks about locking away the elemental power and destroying - they can only be destroyed when brought together. But together they can jump start the convergence.

Ideal: making your own way in the world

Bond: Her connection with her childhood home

Flaw or secret: Unable to see flows in her son or his employees

