Milldrop ---

For the first few months after Sezyryn's demise, Mildrop enjoyed a much-needed break from the stress of adventuring. He participated actively in the first meetings of the town council and donated his services as a cleric to help the town rebuild and heal. During this time, he was exceptionally cheery: he enjoyed frequent drinks with Greta at the tavern, and found great fun in playing magical pranks on Thildus with spells like Disguise Self and Polymorph. These were good days.

Eventually, however, it became clear that the mustachioed elf was growing antsy. His brief trip to the Astral Plane had…  affected him, in some way. His friends noticed that he would sometimes grow distant and spaced-out, as though his mind were elsewhere. He would brush it off as nothing, but it was clear to all who knew him well that something was on his mind.

One day, Mildrop announced to his friends that he was going on a road trip: “a bit of a pilgrimage, really.” He mentioned something about a holy site dedicated to Tymora — or was it Beshaba? — about a week’s journey to the south. It was only to be a two or three week trip, he assured them. Just long enough to get some fresh air, to rekindle the spirit of adventure so intrinsic to his faith and his patron goddesses. So he set off, with little more than his pack and his holy symbol.

It would be three days before Altran noticed that his Robe of Stars was missing.

Thildus ---

After the adventure, Thildus decided that perhaps it was time to lay down roots and put his adventuring days behind him. He became rather fond of the town and people of Everwinter, so he built a home in town and settled down. Shortly thereafter, he used the gold from his adventuring days to open “The Dragon’s Steep”, a tea shop where he  is owner and Head Tea Sommelier. There, he sources, blends, and even grows many of his own varieties of tea, and sells them to the local community. 

He’s also taken a keen interest in the formation of the town’s government, and has become a vocal member in the local politics of Everwinter. In town councils, he does his best to make sure that the power in Everwinter belongs to the people, and not to a few powerful barons (Elian especially).

Finally, he’s decided to give love a chance, and has been going on dates with Baggi. He’s clueless and inexperienced, but Baggi is patient, and things are going well. As for what the future holds, who can say? At this point, Thildus is learning to enjoy the slower life of a shopkeeper in Everwinter. He may feel the pull to go off on another adventure someday, but for now, he’s happy.

Numira ---

Numira decided to stay with the gang for a few weeks but after another scuffle with Thildus, she decided to part ways and make a living in the fighting rings of (insert nearby cities). She still writes Greta sometime, but is trying to spend her days working on her anger, often unsuccessfully. She fashioned Cezarine's dragonteeth into a necklace under her armor and likes to pull it out when people question her strength. 
