While the cleric has spent a lot of time cleaning up the temple he hasn't yet tackled the graveyard. Everytime he attempts to do some clean up it seems to be even worse in the morning. At this point he's given up for now and has been waiting for some help. Gravestones appear vandalized, holes are dug seemingly at random, plants are pulled from their roots, etc. He hasn't spent the night in the graveyard - he feels ill prepared if something dangerous was happening.

The players will need to camp out in the graveyard after some tidying up in order to find the source.

During the night - 

a bit after midnight you hear a voice near whatever the players tidied up - 

"that's not where that goes, humph!" 

a ghostly apparition appears of what appears to be a an old woman. She attempts to mess up whatever the players tidied. When she spots the players she gets very angry - and her true nature appears - a Specter.  

The spectre summons 4 zombies to aid it in its fight against the players - the zombies appear from 4 gravestones that surround the players. 

This not a simple combat encounter - the specter will move by jumping between zombies. It always heads for the zombie 'in the least danger'. At the top of the round the specter will revive any downed zombies to 1 hp. The specter can be defeated through regular combat if they can catch it or by defeating all 4 zombies in the same round.

The specter often makes refernces to the graveyard as 'hers' and protecting her work.

If the players bring it up the cleric can deduce it was likely his predecessor who passed years ago. He doesn't know much about her but he assumed she took great pride in her maintenance of the place based on some of what he's seen. Things like the organization of books, labels for all materials involved with dealing with the dead, etc. 

As a reward for dealing with the garden the cleric rewards them with 2 potions of healing and offers his services to them - but makes sure they're informed of his lack of current blessings.