Summary - A werewolf is plaguing the town of Everwinter. The townfolk don't know what to call it but people and livestock have been going missing every full moon and a fullmoon is happening TONIGHT (we'll say they last 3 days like Buffy). 

Theme: Witchery/mystery 

Details:

    The shephard is fighting Lycanthropy and is turning into a werewolf the 3 nights of the fullmoon every month. He is aware of his condition and wants to lift the curse. He's been working secretly with the cleric to do this. When the full moon comes he takes refuge in a small cave out in the woods outside of town so he won't be discovered. Every night after he transforms into the hybrid form his primal urges takes over and he end up slaughtering nearby livestock to eat. This happens for the three nights of the fullmoon and then he goes back to his normal shephard duties. 

    There are two ways to 'end' the quest - the werewolf is killed or the curse is lifted. 

    How to lift the curse - if the players are too low a level to have the remove curse spell themselves they will require aid from the town cleric to prepare a spell like ritual. The ritual will require the cursed person's hair and some silver shavings. The shavings can be bought from the merchant (the cleric mentions it's too expensive for him) and the hair can be gotten from the shephard if they can find him (the cleric mentions the shephard has already gone to his hideout and doesn't know where it is). Once the cleric has everything he can prepare the ritual but he'll need to do it within 30 feet of the afflicted for it to take affect. If the players figure all this out quickly the shephard will be in human form and a willing subject - if not they'll need to distract the werewolf form for 5 turns while the cleric performs the ritual. (The DM can roll every turn for the cleric for dramatic effect but it will always take 5 turns. Nat 20's can make it take one less turn).

    The players need to:

        discover the quest
        determine the cause is a werewolf
        determine who the werewolf is*
        determine how to lift the curse*
        find the werewolf's lair

How the quest begins:

    Phixi the innkeeper mentions people complaning about lost livestock over the last couple of months to the players if they ask about things happening in town

    Random villagers will be overheard complaining about the Shephard missing from their usual dice game that evening (it's a full moon)

    Whomever the wandering merchant is will mention seeing a strange creature as they ventured into town during the last full moon

    The players will encounter the remains of livestock if they venture out of town on another quest. They could also accidentally stumble upon the werewolf's lair

    Baggi will have crafted a metal restraint for the cleric if asked about anything strange. 

How to determine the cause is a werewolf:

    Inspecting the dead livestock will give the players clues about the origins of the creature and allow the players to track it down to the lair if they desire

    The innkeeper mentions the dead livestock, 
    the traveling merchant can also assume the creature was hunting livestock, 
    and some townsfolk will approach the adventuruers to ask they investigate

How to determine who the werewolf is:

    Townsfolk will comment on the shephard missing his usual drinking at the tavern

    The cleric can be persuaded (DC 15) to give up the secret of who the werewolf is

    There is a journal entry in the shephard's house about the first time this happened

How to determine there is a curse and how to lift it:

    The shephard's journal mentions speaking with the cleric who can tell them of the curse

    The cleric will tell the players about such a curse if asked

    A nature roll of 15 when investigating the animal remains will give insight into Lycanthropy

How to find the werewolf's lair:

    Tracking the werewolf from the livestock

        Below a 5 - players must kill the werewolf unless the cleric is attending. He'll show up after the werewolf is killed to cure the players of their possible curses after fighting the werewolf and laments on the fact that his friend is dead and how he could have saved him if he had only been a bit quicker.

        Any roll below between 5-13 will result in the party arriving at the hideout post werewolf transformation so they'll be in for a fight but the cleric will show up during the fight to warn them of lifting the curse. He shows up after two rounds of combat.

        A roll above a 13 will allow the players to quickly track down the hideout and meet the shephard in human form to perform the ritual. They can bring the shephard to the cleric and perform the ritual if the cleric wasn't already coming.

        Roll a random forest encounter to get in the way while tracking if things are moving quickly

The ending:

    If the players lift the curse the shephard is grateful and pays them 100gp. He also let's the players know where a pack of werewolves reside deeper in the woods that have been attacking travelers.

    If the players kill the werewolf the cleric will question where the original lycanthropy curse came from and ask the players to seek it out in a future adventure. He gives them a scroll of lift curse as a reward.

    If the players decide to loot the the werewolf lair after the fact they will find:

    Pipe of Smoke Monsters
    Staff of Birdcalls
    50gp in gemstones