Captain Grano - lead the caravan

Lt. Len - rescued from the Orgre

they know Elleon has a halfling assistant who brough a mysterious package back from phlan

--

Players talked to Travock, Baggie, Phixi, and Vasili. They know about Fahim's Lycanthropy problem. They resolved the situation at the graveyard so it can start to be cleaned up. Vasili seems to trust them.

--

Fasili can lift curses for a price

Fahim is no longer a werewolf and is alive

Thildus encountered some teenagers that made fun of him

--
Met Horkin

200 gold for securing the mine

4 missions to level up - 1 done after the mine

--

Moved the spider hive to the werewolf cave

Milldrop loves to detect magic

Group is investigating the bloodblades - 

The teens call Greta the spider whisperer and Thildus the Dragon Man

Asked Altran to move to Everwinter - he said it will take a few days

2 more session to level
--

Killed gnolls and got 8 paws and one gnoll pack lord penis

Next session is fall harvest

1 more to level

--

Thildus won the arm wrestling competition

Loben won the pie eating competition

The party convince the silly teenage boys to go home and be better people 

They learned about a red gem that was escorted into the town for Harkin
Large red geme was transferred by the guards to Horkin -

It was something like a bloodstone to help perform the demon summoning ritual

Aralia

Thildus was getting hit on by Baggi
Thildus made friends with the young man Olli - who beat Numira in the arm wrestling contest

Level Up! - 4

--

Milldrop has - dust of dryness and 2x potion of fire breath

Level up in 3 sessions

--

Met Altran and resolved the portal in the mines but didn't clear everything out yet.

Level up in 2 sessions


--

Have a stone medusa head

Got those 4 dwarven potions
(Growth, Hill Giant Strength, Water Breathing, and Thunder Resistance)

Numira needs to pay for having too many weapons

Level up after next session

Have another druid show up to try and OPEN one of the elemental portals

Mildrop has a dream/vision now that they've become involved in something larger than their own affairs

Baggi measures Numira for armor and asks about Thildus

Altran invites them to his tower, now moved into town, to discuss the convergence

--

Leveled up - 4 more to go

Didn't talk to Altran

Jordan copied a map of where the Bloodblades went to find the Earth key - south towards a cave

--

Elleon's interest is in the elven history of the town, only he's familiar with the elvish assistance in the creation of Everwinter.

Henry has joined the party.

The blood blades will be back in town for next time.

River ritual gave advantage on wisdom saving checks while near the river

3?4? more sessions to go till they level up again

--

at least 3 more sessions

--

2 more sessions

Told Elleon they're doing errands and they said they'd only meet the merchant for the final 2 days of their journy. They have 5 days to get to the merchant

They've agreed to escort the merchant

---

Tried all of Draskyll's potions so he can give a discount and provide those potions. Met Sybilla.

7 more sessions to level up

---

6 more sessions to level up

---

5 more sessions to level up

 Mildrop has attuned to the amulet of animate dead

(Cursed)
While wearing this amulet you have disadvantage on saves against scrying and charm spells originating from the creator. The creator can cast charm spells targeting you as if you were in range, no matter the distance.

 ---

Left the hobgoblin party to their business in the gnoll camp

4 more session to level up

---

3 more sessions to level up

Mildrop was NOT scryed on by Horkin (womp womp)

--

Ruthgar the hobgoblin leader
Nuple the goblin was let free

Robert is Altran's new assitance

They're gonna rob Elleon!

Altran will prepare some stealthy items for the party

2 more session to level up

--

Baggi will get Vassili to prepare the town for the goblin attacks

Captain Grano has been notified of the hobgoblin invasion

1 session till level up

---

We'll level up once they're in a safe place.

Horkin is just arriving home. Greta has the gems (40 feet), Thildus and Numira are outside, and Loben and Mildrop are partway down the stairs (20 feet).

There is a guard tied up outside who has seen Thildus and Numira

---

Altran is teleporting away

Wand of Wonder
Robe of Stars
Animated Shield
Flame Tongue
Boots of Elvenkind
Hat of Disguise

Fill two wagons with oil

Thildus, Greta, and Loben are with the spearmen villagers + Baggi + some men at arms to make around 20 armed people
30 other armed men + Mildrop and Numira will be disguised by the halucinatory terrain hill

Loben casts Mage Armor
Loben gets a healing potion

Numira is getting the Potion of Heroism
Numira is getting the animated shield

Greta is getting the Wand of Wonder
 
 ---

 Ruthgar died in combat. The goblins made it to Altran's tower and entered

 ---

 Horkin/Sezyryn will make his appearance. He will impose his fearful aura on the surrounding villagers but not the Ginyu force. He wants to knock out one of the Ginyu Force. He wants to capture one to make sure he can get the info about his planar keys. He is also VERY suspicious about why Greta wasn't present for this huge battle and will ask about her. He will grab one of the ginyu force and bring them back to the mansion as a prisoner where they will see Elleon and Winna chained up.

 Greta will overhear more of the two bloodblade's discussion. 

 Fraig will wonder more about why Ari took the deal...but he guesses she was always looking for more powerful allies. He'll lament about losing her and that at least they were able to leave quickly. They were hoping to run into Henry, see if he knew anything about what was going on, and for some of his tea. 

 Finally they'll curse Horkin...and even though he paid well it probably wasn't worth all the trouble, enabling a madman AND a dick

 
---

Sezyryn has been banished back to a split form into the various keys. His energy has been split into the four keys. He is now communicating through the keys to their holders. He's trapped in an inbetween place. Altran will have a full understanding of things now.

The goblins are trapped in Horkin's mirror door room. It's a complete mess. The furniture is smashed, the chandelier has been peppered with arrows...and it reeks.

Elleon is looking forward to putting these events aside and continuing to move forward...he wants to do some recruiting to find some more men to fill out his guard now that some have perished. He'll share the stories of how his men fended off the town from a goblin invasion AND a dragon! Who wouldn't want to join an elite group of guards like this!

Winna can tell the tale of how Sezyryn came to be. The people encountered the portals and were unsure how to handle it. When they began crafting the keys they believed these would be able to lock away the portals for good. But the keys were...alive. Whispers of a being named 'Sezyryn' circulated the village and both the dwarven and elvish communities originating from the crafters of the keys. Everything came to a head when the keys were brought together for the first time. A subset of the community desecrated the ceremony and attempted a summoning. They fought against the rest of the group. Apparently they were successful...she was truthful about her experiences with her and her mother.

Altran knows that the winter solstice is when the planes will be aligned in a way to channel energy into destroying the keys, however, he knows that doing so will release Sezyryn back into the world until the ritual is complete.

Baggi and the villages feel indebted to the Ginyu Force. Not only did they fight off the attackers, they secured their famillies and saved tons of lives and the buildings. They don't have tons of money, but the Ginyu Force will never pay for a drink in Everwinter again.

---

Greta interacted with Sezyryn 
They're reunited at Altran's tower
Alaria is out in the world
The other two Blood Blades were heading back towards town and will help out with reestablishing things in town
Elleon and Winna are navigating the difficult relationship they have with the town

Ruthgar's mace was not retrieved from the battlefield and the townsfolk have been scavenging the gear left behind
Set up a scenario where the group has to intervene to protect Elleon and his mother
