On the outskirts of town you reach the edge of the abandoned village. The stone buildings here are in ruins but most still have a wall or two upright and some even have roofs. As you take a step forward a feeling of death surrounds you. You feel as if you're the only living things around.

The ruined buildings have spilled into the old roads and pathes that make up the village masking the obvious routes you might take on your way through. The village also appears to be quite a bit larger than you would have imagined. Hundreds of people could have been living here, working the mine and providing services to the miners. 

A cold wind cuts through you here - the ruins providing little shelter from the elements. There is no sound other than yourselves and the wind.

- Most buildings have few things inside. Maybe a stray piece of furniture or two. 
    *Things look like they were stripped bare - completely abandonded


The treasure hunters

Perception to find their tracks/hideout

You spot tracks that lead towards a larger, mostly together structure. The tracks are obviously new compared to the surrounding area. Maybe only weeks old.

The tracks lead toward a large two story building. It has all four walls still standing but the roof is partially collapsed. There the door is open and there's no noise. The windows and doorway are dark.

Inside you see what appears to be the remains of a small campsite. There was a campfire at some point in the center of the room with with scavenged furniture spread around it. 
    *Spots of the floor where three people slept

On one of the walls you see a variety of tools. Rope, pic axes, shovels and lanterns. You also notice a small book on a shelf near the tools.

There's a staircase along the back wall that leads to the second story.
    *The second story contains the drained remains of a human and a half orc from the journal entry. They're surrounded in webbing from Ettercaps. 
    *The bodies each have a set of studded leather armor and a dagger. The half orc has a maul on his body as well.


During the journal reading the players who are not reading out loud must perform a perception check. If they beat the stealth checks they won't be surprised. If they fail, there is a surprise round for the Ettercaps.

Encounter 1 - 2 Ettercaps
    *If they try to rest here roll a 50% chance for them to have spiders interrupt

As you make your way south as the journal described you begin to notice strands of webbing on the rooftops of some of the buildings. The further you go the thicker the webbing gets until you start to see some buildings completely covered in webs. Eventually your path forward is blocked by webbing. The ground is covered in it and the walls of the surrounding buidlings are criss crossed with it. 

Encounter 2 - 1 Ettercaps and 2 Giant spiders

As you push forward again you start to make out what looks like it could be the source of the great webbings that surround this area. A nest - quite a large one. The webbing appears to be spilling out of a large angled cavern surrounded by crumbling buildings.

Encounter 3 - Great Spider Matriarch: https://www.dandwiki.com/wiki/Giant_Spider_Matriarch_(5e_Creature)

It appears the nest was built at the entry way into the mine. The tunnel past the nest appears collapsed
    *Investigate to see it was an intentional collapsing
   
==============
*Book entry
Day 1 - 

We've made camp in a larger building in the village. I believe we were able to sneak in without anyone in the neighboring town take notice. We planned on beginning our digging tomorrow but we've been unable to locate the mine. It appears this village is larger and more of a mess than we thought - so we'll have to go out and search for it. Once we find it we'll move our campsite closer - hauling these tools back and forth could take ages. 

I can't believe the people nearby haven't made their own attempts to get into the mine. It looks like no one has been here in a hundred years. The rumors of treasure down there have traveled far if we've heard of it, surely they would be aware of its existence.

Day 2 -

Garth took the watch last night and must have run off. I be he got spooked - I knew I should have looked into more experienced help but him and Mosk were all I could find on short notice. He probably ran back to the town - I'm sure we would have heard any trouble. 

If he's back in town we'll need to work fast. Who knows who he'll run his mouth off to about what we're doing?

Day 3 - 

Haven't found the mine yet. Although we ran into what looked like some sort of nest. It looked old and possibly abondend like the rest of this place. We didn't find any beasts nearby but we decided to burn it anyways. We'll make sure to post a watch tonight. We believe the mine is to the south of here past that nest. We'll investigate more tomorrow.