After the wind tower

Mildrop is scryed on again in the morning

The hobgoblin force is growing stronger in the Gnoll camp

If mildrop is scryed then Horkin meets the party outside of town with the Hobgoblin crew
He will attempt to charm mildrop to retrieve the wind plane key
He will not engage himself - he wants others to do his bidding. He'll invis and peace out whent things get weird

Horkin's plans - 
Sezyryn has summoned his worshippers from beyond the mountains to Everwinter. Everwinter is the sacred place of his birth and his followers view this as a pilgrimage to their master's land. Horkin will use these troops to commence a take over of the town to prepare for his ceremony to enhance his power to its true state. The takeover will automatically commence in a few days but he'll start earlier if he is able to get the wind plane key. At that point he would have revealed his true form. Horkin is planning on initiating his follower's takeover during the festival. He wants it to be quick and without much bloodshed.

Altran's knowledge on the key-
These keys leave their creator's mark on them, he can discern a great deal. This key must have been created during the last convergence...they are containment devices of a sort? But imperfect in their construction...that must be why these portals were still appearing. He's able to 'activate' they key to enter the partial planar shifted state the GF saw at the tower. And show how easy they are to turn off/on. He hypothesizes that if all 4 keys were brought together they could essentially achieve the convergence he described...and create a point in space that exists within the 4 elemental plane and the material plane. Such an event would create an unimaginable amount of energy. 
Can it be destroyed? Potentially...they'd need to find a great source of power in order to destroy them. Destroying them would also rerelease the chaotic energies they hold and the more natural convergence could still happen - although at a much slower rate.

Elleon--
Elleon is still spooked from the other night. But he's like to push forward with his original plans.
        The 2nd phase is to reestablish trade routes with nearby cities - Everwinter has been isolated for long enough! This means redoing and guarding the roads, establishing a more formal town guard structure, and potentially creating some sort of government structure to the town.
His original plan was to announce that to the small group at the banquet and to follow up with a village wide announcement since it involves everyone. Instead he'll be hosting a small festival to make this announcement in front of the whole town. The plan is to put on this festival in a couple of days and to make sure everyone in town can attend. He'll ask the Ginyu Force to get the word out.