Vasili introduced the idea of the fall harvest festival to the players

~In Everwinter the people like to celebrate the fall festival by dressing up! The costumes are mostly religious or natural in nature. The harvest festival is a time to celebrate the coming of winter and to pay tribute to the gods and nature for their good year. Since there's no main diety worshiped in Everwinter people come dressed in all sorts of things. Some people come dressed in things in honor of traditional gods like those of the races. 

As you wander closer to the center of town you start to notice the smell of Baked goods like cakes, smoked meats, and freshly brewed beer. The sound of many different instruments playing various songs drifts towards you and you can see several townsfolk dancing. Everyone is at the festival. There are children enjoying some sweets, couples of all ages dancing, and you even see Elleon's hired men enjoying themselves over beer and cider. In the center of down is a makeshit stage, currently empty, and behind that the makings of a bonfire. 

Vasili tells them that the bonfire is the finale and is supposed to be big enough to burn all night after it's lit. The townsfolk believe that the length of the burning fire corresponds with a calmer winter. The longer the calmer. Short fires tell of a terrible winter to come.

Activities at the festival:

~Food and ale stalls are set up all around the town with tons of varietys to try
    Goodberry Cider
    Frosted cakes
    Salted meats
    Soft cheese
    hard cheese

Arm wrestling contest:

    Need a few different people to compete against with various strength scores

    Young boy contestant: +0
    Stout older human: +1
    Travok: +2
    Baggi: +3

Pie Eating contest

~Pies donated by Phixi and Twixi of the Twin Dragons Inn
    Two regular pies and then a meat pie
    10/13/15/20
    Need a couple of people with various constitution scores

    1 large dwarven woman: +2
    Lt. Len: +1
    1 other man: +0
    1 skinny teenage girl: -1

People can bet on the contests

Altran is in disguise checking out the festival - he's had a lot of fun with the people here and is tring to find the perfect place for his tower. 

"As you enjoy the festivities you bump into a familiar older gentlemen."

Elleon has sponsored many events and has provided funding for one of the biggest festivals ever! He's not present though.

There's a bonfire to end the festival.

There are three...mysterious looking figures who kind of resemble the Blood Blades. They turn out to just be fans and dressed up like them for the festival. They're picking on a girl off to the side of the festivities

they're wearing costumes and are those annoying teenagers
    "bloodblades rule!"



Performance by the tiefling of the blood blades. She plays a lyre and goes invisible before they have time to talk to her. She can also dimension door and disguise herself if followed.

