They have the note to be translated that let's them know the key was at the keep...on the island

~When they arrive back at Henry's home it's been ransacked. Survival checks can determine 3 individuals were present. They're hiding nearby if people want to make a perception check.

~The blood blades eventually reveal themselves to the group once they realize it's the Ginyu Force. 
    Fraig says they were told to keep an eye out for the Ginyu Force. They're just on a mission to locate and retrieve the water key at the island. They'll be gone for a few days.
    They don't want to fight, but the group has a chance to explain the danger to them and hope to win them over to their side
    They mention that Elleon's looking for them, he's got a mission or something for them

~Henry's goodbye
    He doesn't sense dishonesty in the blood blades.
    He's happy they were able to save the river, and will take up his guard of it once again
    He enjoyed his time with all the adventuruers - he'll give Thildus some tea as a parting gift
    He senses a shift in Greta's attitude and wishes her well on her druidic path ahead. Reminds her to take a step away from the world every once in a while and return to nature to help refill her spirit.
    If things go well with the Bloodblades he'll offer to guide them north. He'll tell the Ginyu force he can take care of himself with a wink if they show concern.
    He'll be around if needed

When Numira enters the town and holding the axe she feels a strong sense of longing, as if missing a partner. The feeling originates from Elleon's mansion.

~When they arrive back in town there things appear to be a bit busier. There's clearly some more people at the inn and it's not as easy to find an open table.
Phixi let's them knmow there's a bunch of miners and construction workers who have arrived in town. They're building some basic shelters in the mining village and organizing supplies.
Talking to a miner will let them know they're being well compensated and they're excited to be working. It can be hard to find good work these days.


Elleon does have a mission for the group - 
    he'd like them to meet a merchant contact of his who's traveling towards Everwinter. He'd like the group to meet him partway and escort him in. There are dangers in the forest. The merchant is traveling from the south (they could visit the cave from the bloodblades note on the way). But the mission is time sensitive but pays generously - 1500 gold for the job. The merchant should be traveling with some hired hands but you can't be too careful these days. They have time though, the merchant is still 7 days away. Obviously the sooner the adventurers leave to escort him, the less harm he could encounter. But he'll leave it to them.

There's a single note in the Bloodblade's room that says "Stay out of my room" 

 Baggi can fix their armor...there may be enough for one set once she's done cleaning it up...but it will take a while, probably a week.


