Horkin

    Catches them in the act -
        He will smile a wicked grin and attempt to cast dominate person on one non-elf target. If he fails he will shout for the guards and act as if he had been robbed (he was I guess).

    The crime goes unnoticed
        If they make it out without being seen or heard he will be angry. He will enact his plans earlier than intended and attempt to enforce martial law on the town. He'll use magic to extract information from the guards on duty that night.

        Martial Law includes:
            Publicly appearing with Elleon and Winna in chains held by Fraig to announce his take over at noon. This will be the planned time for the Hobgoblin/Orc/Goblin forces to arrive.

            The hobgoblin forces:
                The Blood Blades
                Ruthgar the Hobgoblin Warlord.

                10 Hobgoblin captains each leading a squad consisting of:
                    2 hobgoblins
                    5 orcs
                    3 goblins
                
                There are 3 unique squads, one of all hobgoblins (the elite squad), one of all orcs (the smashas), and one of all goblins (the trappers/scouts)

            Elleon's men at arms are given the choice of working for Horkin for a reduced pay

            Townsfolk are put under strict watch as to not disturb his search for the keys if he did not see who stole them. They will be brought one by one to him and questioned. He only has magic to question about 8 people per day perfectly but he'll resort to evil tactics if necessary. He'll want to question Altran first.

        If the Ginyu Force have fled with Altran before the coup occurs then the Blood Blades will be sent for them. Aralia can sending their location back to Horkin.

Altran

    Altran is excited they managed to grab the keys but he'll need to study them further. But he doesn't feel safe doing it in town so he'll want to move his tower but that takes 8 hours of concentration. He'll begin immediately unless there's a reason not to.

    It will take Altran 48 hours of study on the keys to discern how to destory them. He will also learn everything about the keys once they're together. 

    How they were created

    How they work and what the convergence is
        The natural convergence cycle

    How to destory them

    ~~~~


    A young man, Alexander, has come running into town screaming for help. He's the son of a farmer from one of the outer farms. His family's farm has been burned to the ground, his family killed. He's in tears and exhausted. When the hobgoblins attacked they spared him and told him to flee to spread the word of their coming. They told him to tell others that the followers of Sezyryn are coming and that they should flee before their might.

    The kerfuffle outside the tower is a group of townsfolk who have helped Alexander get back to town. They're calling for a cleric or someone to help.

    There's a small speck of smoke on the horizon at this point.

    A crowd composing of both Elleon's men and townsfolk gather around this scene. 

    Captain Grano will show up and say he can't trust the word of someone in this emotional state. He wants to hear back from his men that he sent to recon.

    Baggi will be a bit distraught. She's wearing some sparkling plate armor, well made and perfectly fitted. A greatsword is strapped across her back. She'll argue with Grano about needing to defend the town and beginning prepartions immediately. Grano says he needs to hear from his men but he can't take such drastic action without direct word from Elleon. Baggi wants action NOW. She'll be angry and take action on her own. 

    If Baggi prepares without help the town will be fairly unprotected
    With the Ginyu Force's help it depends on rolls
    With Grano's help the town will be fairly fortified but that require's convincing Elleon

    That night one normal detachment and the orcs and goblins will attack. The orcs are looking to rip and tear and burn whatever they can. The nomral detachment tests defenses and scouts. The goblins will use the other detachments as a distraction to plant some small explosive devices near Altran's tower.