Servants bring in a few different dishes - roast chickens, butternut squash soup and yam souffle. There's plenty of wine and mead to go around and everyone is enjoying a pleasant meal. Before dessert comes out Elleon chimes on his glass and stands up. 

He thanks everyone for attending
Celebrating his mothers return to her childhood home
He's excited that all of them have been contributing to his vision
With the mine soon to be fully operational he's excited to announce the next stages of the Everwinter Rejuvination plan!
    The 2nd phase is to reestablish trade routes with nearby cities - Everwinter has been isolated for long enough! This means redoing and guarding the roads, establishing a more formal town guard structure, and potentially creating some sort of government structure to the town.

Before Elleon has a chance to announce his plans the fires in the room are all extinguished

Everyone looks around expectantly but there's a shuffling of noises at the doors. There's a bang and the doors are smashed open. Through the door walks a a shuffling elven form. The cheeks are caved in and the eyes are sunken hollow glowing areas. 

The elf raises its arms and a bright purple light shines from the necklace on its neck - two hulking undead forms follow the elf through the door - the skin falling from their bones as they shuffle behind, each carrying a massive club.

The Amulet - 

Amulet of Animate Dead
Wondrous item, rare (requires attunment by a Spellcaster)
While attuned to this amulet, once per day, you can cast the Animate Dead spell at 3rd-level.
(Cursed)
While wearing this amulet you have disadvantage on saves against scrying and charm spells originating from the creator. The creator can cast charm spells targeting you as if you were in range, no matter the distance.

At the beginning of each round of combat the amulet will glow and summon 1d4+1 zombies or skeletons. The first wave will break through the windows at the far end of the dining hall

Removing the amulet or killing the revenant will result in the summoned zombies dieing - the orgres will still have to be killed

The revenant can cast lightning bolt at 3rd level 2 times

The ogres go for the players and the revenant will go to Elleon
On its first turn the Revenant will paralyize Elleon

~

After the battle Vasili will explain what the revenant is 

A vessel for vengeance - it won't be gone forever, the spirit will look for a new body to inhabit...hopefully a less powerful one. The amulet was strange...something like that would not have been buried with a body traditionally, someone could have provided it to it...but for what purpose? Why would such a thing target Elleon?

Horkin is no where to be found
Baggi took cover under a table
Other people had fled 
The bloodblades will want to create a perimeter and scout the mansion grounds for any straggling undead

~

Altran is missing, he left word for them at the inn the he was to travel west - he felt the energy of a portal, and return in a few days - it's been 3 and he has not returned. Phixi is worried about him.