Give the group some downtime in order to allow Loben to copy a new spell into his spellbook

Eventually the group is called to Mustgrave Manor for unknown reasons. When they arrive they are introduced to the Bloodblades. They will all meet in the manor's entryway. 

The bloodblades have a head of the gnoll leader - a Fang of Yeenoghu. They had heard about the Gnolls before they left and weren't aware of the Ginyu Force's arrival. So on their way into town from their latest mission they did some tracking of the Gnoll camp. They found the remains of the camp that the GF had destroyed but double checked and found a larger gnoll HQ nearby. They slaughtered all the Gnolls present and brough the head of their leader back for payment.

Horkin wants to chew out the GF for not fully fulfilling their duties as adventurers and the BloodBlades just want to get paid. 

As things (hopefully) heat up Elleon will appear from a room in the manor having just arrived via teleportation. He asks for an explanation of the situation from Horkin who seems to lean against the GF in his retelling. Elleon will hear some quick arguments but eventually award double the gold to the bloodblades. And not penalize the GF at all - they did what they thought was best. After that he'll pull the GF aside to speak with them while Horkin asks to speak with Fraig privately.

Elleon is excited at the progress they've made - he's gotten reports from Horkin but also heard from his men at arms about how the GF has been interacting with townsfolk and helping out. He's excited to see them take iniative. But he has a new task for them if they're willing. One with a hefty payout this time - 500 gold. 

They've secured the mining town and Elleon is already busily reaching out to start bringing in workers. Some are already on their way but will be a week or two. Unforunately the mine still remains a mystery. His men have finally finished digging out the entrance but they've yet to venture too far inside. They claim 'they don't get paid to venture into the unknown, that's what the adventurers are for.' This is a task he'd normally assign to the Bloodblades but he's excited with the work the GF has done and wants to give them a proper test. 

Their full mission is to map the mines. Elleon wants as much description as possible with 'every nook and cranny catalogued' if possible. Based on his knowledge about the mines he expects this to take several days. He advises them to prepare to spend a few nights underground.

Horkin is talking to Fraig about a time sensitive mission. A rare mushroom only grows for a week after the harvest festival. He is requesting a bucket full of them. The mushrooms are called black growths and they're a small pitch black mushroom. They're often used in dark rituals. He's going to pay them 1000 gold for the mushrooms. If they're not trying to eavesdrop they will only hear "you have 3 days, be swift".

First encounter - earth elemental

Second encounter - Galeb Duhr

Mines themed around different elemental planes in each quadrant - some planar disruption at the center