https://old.reddit.com/r/DMAcademy/comments/uj5cjb/a_long_post_about_running_heists_from_over_a_year/

They'll need a map
The objectives

Altran can provide a casting of Telepathic Bond upon request

Items:

    Rope of Climbing
    Boots of Elvenkind
    Dust of Disappearance
    Hat of Disguise

Known residents of Mustgrave Manor:

    Winna: PP - 12 - She will not immediately turn in anyone she notices
    Elleon: PP - 11 - Elleon will be offended people have intruded in his mansion but ultimately thinks favorbly of the group and will demand answers. If he doesn't like the answers he'll kick them out. If he catches the stealing he'll call the guards
    Horkin: PP - 11 - "Tell me why you're skulking about or I'll call the guards. Elleon won't be pleased to find his hired hands intruding in his house." If they tell him the truth he'll take them to the stones...and trap them there. If he catches them in a lie he'll cast Dominate Person

    3 full time staff - 1 butler (recently hired), 1 maid, and 1 chef
    PP of staff: 9
    The staff will call the guards if they notice an intruder. This will alert the entire house

    Known posted guards:

    2 guards out front
    1 patrol guard around the exterior at all times
    PP of guards: 10

    At night Winna, Elleon, the maid, and chef are in their rooms. The butler is still out and about. Horkin would be in his secret sanctum. Guards are present.

    During the day Winna is often on the balcony or wandering the garden, Elleon is in his office with a 50% chance to be attended by Horkin. The chef is in the kitchen, the maid and the butler are roaming. The guards are around.

Loot (by location):
    
    Dining Hall - The Lake Forged Blade. It sits above the mantle

    Elleon's Lounge - 5k GP, Keoghtom's Ointment

    Elleon's Bedroom - 2k GP, a diamon worth 1k GP, lube xD

    Kitchen - Alchemy Jug

    Winna's Guest Room - Shiftweave

    Horkin's room - the entrance to his sanctum is behind the large mirror on one wall. The three gems are contained within the sanctum.

    Upper story landing - Sentinel Shield - a shield decorated with a large eye is mounted on the wall

    Upstairs study - Ring of Protection

Traps:

    Horkin's sanctum entrance:
        Sleep of Ages Trap
        XGE
        p114
        Simple trap (level 11–16, deadly threat)

        When a sleep of ages trap activates, a pressure plate unleashes a spell that threatens to send intruders into a deep slumber. The dungeon's guardians can then more easily dispose of the sleepers.
        Trigger.

        Stepping on the pressure plate triggers this trap.
        Effect.

        When activated, this trap casts a sleep spell centered on the pressure plate, using a 9th-level spell slot.
        Countermeasures.

        A successful DC 15 Wisdom (Perception) check reveals the pressure plate. A successful DC 15 Intelligence (Arcana) check made within 5 feet of the pressure plate disables the trap, and a check with a total of 7 or lower triggers it. A successful dispel magic (DC 16) cast on the pressure plate destroys the trap.

Horkin's Sanctum:

    The stairs descend into darkness 

    You descend the stairs for nearly 10 minutes

    As you descend it gets warmer and warmer - as you reach the bottom you are becoming drenched in sweat. 

    There's a red glow at the end of the stairs


    A room opens at the base of the stairs. It's a large cavern, 60 x 60 feet with a high ceiling...100 ft?

    The far wall is a solid wall of lava pouring into a pool that encompasses 1/3rd the floor space

    The center of the room has a large circle of DRACONIC runes etched into it. At the four corners of the the circle are large pedastels. Three of them are currently occupied with large gems - red, blue, and green in color. They currently have a low, warm glow, and resonate with a failry quiet hum.

    The walls of the room are filled with shelves, spell components, 3k gp worth of gems, and some books. With an investigation of 15+? they can find an elven journal detailing the original convergence. 20+ They can also find the personal journal of Horkin as Sezyryn describing the details of his embedding at Elleon's company and his goals. 

    The runes:
        the runes describe what sounds like the elemental convergence. A joining of the four elemental planes into a single point and there are etches in the ground joining all four pedastels into the center of the circle. The runes also describe the ascendency of an individual to their 'true and final form'. A name is mentioned - Sezyryn, Prince of the Planes.

    As the runes are removed the room begins to shift and change. They were put into a sort of 'maintence mode' where they were keeping the portals at bay. The lava becomes unstable and starts to fill up the room. The lava will fill the cavern and close off the stairway.