Along the way you suddenly come across a stone tower. It's quite tall, about 50 feet. At the bottom of the tower is a door and next to the door is a wooden sign. At the top of the tower is a small, lit window. It looks like someone could be home.

*the tower can't be scaled - it's impossibly smooth. Magically smoothed

The sign on the door reads:

Welcome to Professor Altran's mystical emporium! For all your magical item and mystical archive needs! Members only!

in smaller text underneath -

To become a member - make your way to the top floor and speak to management.

The first room you enter is well lit from an ornate chandelier hanging above the center. The rest of the room is empty except for something that looks like a door at the back of the room. As you approach you see that this door appears to be a mirror but it's unusual - it feels as if you can walk through it. Behind your reflection you see a stair case leading up.

    *To get passed the door, you must step to the side and say “after you!” Or some other reasonably polite thing. The reflection will say “no no please I insist!” And will step to the side and motion for you to enter. Upon passing the door, your ‘reflection’ vanishes.

    *I read a similar one on here a while ago where the solution was to pass through the doorway in complete darkness so your reflection cannot manifest itself.

    *I did something like this but my group thought that their reflection wouldn't stop them if they couldn't see it, so they walked backwards or closed their eyes. I figured it was a clever enough solution so I let it work.

The second room you enter is similar in size to the last. Across from you is another door (it's locked and they can't pick it - it's magic). Above the door across the room is an inscription written in Elvish that says "Have Faith". In the center of the room is a small golden goblet on a pedestal. The pedestal is surrounded by colored rings of tiles. The tiles closer to the goblet are more faded, pratically grey, while the ones on the outermost ring are extremely bright. 

As players move closer to the goblet they notice themselves aging. It starts with their armor and weapons and then they notice themselves aging too. The closer they get, the older they get. Until they're nearly decrepid as they touch the goblet. 

After touching the goblet they're transported to another room where the door is unlocked.

The third room is smaller than the previous two. It's barely big enough for the entire party to fit. At the other end of the room is a door. It's a plain door with a simple knob and key hole. Above the door a phrase is written in glowing runes - "The door will open when you reach a decision" (The door is unlocked they just need to decide to open it)

After the final door the party will come upon a simple store front. There's a shelf in front of them and behind the shelf is a an old human man. He's wearing a multicolored robe and a pair of glasses. He's excited as the party approaches! Behind him appears to be bookshelves filled with books. 
