Approaching the manor:

Mustgrave Manor resides on a cliff overlooking Everwinter. Even from the town below you can see the occasional guard patrolling the grounds around the manor. The road up to the manor is a well worn path frequently traveled by Elleon's hired guard. 

As you make your way up the path you get your first look of the manor. It's incredibly large for a home. It's two stories tall with a very wide and elegant face. The house is surrounded by a stone and metal fence that appears to go all the way around, hugging the cliffs. Two guards see you approach up the hill from their posts flanking the fence entry. 

As you get closer, one of the guards raises their hand to stop you.

"What brings you here?"

~Players try to get ahold of someone important Elleon/Horkin

One of the guards opens the door and closes it behind it. You way a few minutes before it opens again. The guard exits first followed by a well dressed halfling. His hair is read and his face is dotted with freckles. He looks rather young, some baby fat still on his face. Despite that, he seems in control of the situation

~Players are introduced to Horkin

So, more of master Elleon's adventurers? He said you may come around looking for payment. Do you have news of the mining town? Or have you brought proof of killing those dreadful hyena creatures? I was told those were the two tasks he had assigned you.

"There's not a lot of gold to be made around here that doesn't come through master Elleon's hands in some way. I would advise you to take on the tasks he assigns if you're looking for a fruitful relationship. I'm sure there's plenty of ways to keep yourselves busy around here but the gold mostly flows in one direction, I'm afraid. And you wouldn't want The Bloodblades jumping on your tasks either, they've proven to be quite efficient.

Oh? You haven't run into them around town yet? The Bloodblades are another group of adventurers like yourselves Master Ellon hired a few months ago. They proven to be useful and have taken on a variety of tasks. They're probably out of town escorting some shipment or something - we usually trust them with our more...dangerous tasks, things I'm sure you lot will be up to eventually. But we won't know unless you actually complete a task or two. And perhaps you can have your own silly name. It might make it easier for people to distinguish between yourselves and the Bloodblades. Think on it. Now, was there anything else?

He won't speak ill of Elleon unless the group PROVES they're actively working against Elleon.