You two find yourselves at your usual watering hole in a bad part of Elin. This bar is a popular spot for members of the Sinya family mob who's patriarch runs this district. As you're enjoying a hard earned ale one of your usual contacts in the family approachs your table - Marchus. He's a lanky young man, early twenties, with messy brown hair.

Marchus notices Numira has a bit of someone else's blood on her clothes - she better clean up if she's going to be wandering around the city.
Marchus will banter a bit with Fenwyn and try to hit on Numira.
An older member of the family will tell him to fuck off and make fun of him since Numira is so young, even if she's stronger than him.

Eventually Marchus will ask for them to pull their heads in - he's got another job for them if they're up for it. Plenty of gold in it for them - all they have to do is kill the captain of a ship coming in tonight. His name is Rex and he's a half orc captaion of the Windswept. He'll be around for 3 days and the family wants it done while he's here.
(He's been giving discounts to another family in the city and we've found out so he's gotta pay). They need to bring back the unique necklace the captain wears at all times as proof. 

Marchus says the boss doesn't care where the hit goes down - his own quarters on his ship may be quieter but in town may be easier. He'll let them decide. He gives them their normally agreed prepayment - 25 gold and says they'll get the rest when the job is done and they have the necklace. Marchus offers to help provide disguises of some the local family business workers if they need something like they've done before. Or anything else within his powers. He can also connect them with contacts at the docks if they need more information.

~Fenwyn will encounter a drug dealer after leaving the inn they're in and buy some drugs. They will discuss things entirely in Thieve's Cant

~At some point they will encounter some guards who ask what they're up to

~(Goblin who works at the docks and can help partially identify the captain's schedule depending on if they bribe or persuade him) Griggly

~Locked gates at night, guarded entryways during the day. Can find shortcuts through different areas 
    Have to talk with contacts and ask around to learn the captains schedule
    (Captain's schedule is Docks in the AM, business district in the PM, tavern in the evening and the he returns to his ship)
    Depending on which way they choose to go there will be challenges to get through locked gates, lying to or bribing guards, or imitating employees of local areas.

    If they want to get to the boat there will be some sneaking around the docks and breaking into the boat. It will be tougher to get there and they may be thrown out of the docks if they get caught.

    The captain's stats:

    14 AC
    60 HP - 49 - 38 - 26 - 4
    Knight statblock

If they go to the boat the captain will summon two sailors to help him

Use Guard stat block for sailors

When they return with the necklace Marchus will pay the remaining 75 gold owned and congradulate them on a job well done. Then he tries to buy Numira a drink.


    
