~It gets colder the further they go

The path you follow parallel to the river continues to incline today, after a few hours your obviously traveling uphill. The river gushes past you at high speeds as you continue up. Eventually, around 1 or 2 in the afternoon you spot the snow capped tips of a range of mountains. 

~Henry
    What is the cause of these portals? Ist it believed to be malicious magics? Or perhaps this is a natural occurence? If it's natural, who are we to intervene?

Your path continues along the river. Eventually you start to see patches of snow along your path and soon you're navigating around small patches. In the early afternoon the sky darkens earlier than you expect. A cold wind blows in from the east. 

Get nature checks

A storm is incoming, continuing in poor weather is possible but potentially dangerous. 
    Henry is good with doing whatever the group decides and will choose to scout as a snowy owl when the storm hits, temporarily leaving the party.

If the party continues, after a few hours they'll suffer a point of exhaustion (Con DC 15)

If the party doesn't continue, Henry helps set up camp and scouts ahead as the Snowy Owl.
    Three Owl Bears will hunt around the camp. The party will hear screeching and hooting as a warning. They're attracked to the potential food.
    If the party gets in trouble Henry will come back to fight, otherwise he'll show up in the last round or so of combat.

The next day is sunny and a bit warmer, the snow melts as the party continues. The party eventually reaches a point where they can see the water fall that is the source of the river. A great wide waterfall pouring out of a slot in the towering cliffs above them. The waterfall pours into a large basin that drains into the river. There is also a small fork perpendicular to your current path.

Survival checks to find if there's a way up/cross/that they should actually be going down the other fork.

As you follow the fork a-ways you spot a small bridge. (Describe the entryway scene)

Duergar talking beforehand:

"Get this BLOODY door open"

"I thought this was supposed to be a shite-DWARF *spits* house. Do shite-dwarves even have friends?"

"If we can't get this open soon I'm heading back to the caves."

"Fine fine, grab yer picks and start whackin lads, we're gonna be here a while."

Above the doorway is something written in common. It reads:

Only a true friend of the Dwarves at Kostha Merna will be allowed entry.

(Only an elf may open the door)

~inside

The doors open to a dark hallway. The hallway is about 20 feet wide and tall. You can't see the end from out here, and there doesn't appear to be any light inside.

As you enter the hallway the doors behind you slowly close, causing a breeze to blow past you. You're left in the pitch black besides your own light sources. 

The walls are bare and there doesn't appear to be any side passages. There's only one direction to go.

As you continue to move along the hallway some sparkles catch your eyes about halfway up the walls. As you look closer you see that there are intricate inlaid pictures carved along the wall. 

They're made of silver.

The carving depicts a group of elves at the entrance to what looks like this cavern. They appear to be meeting with a group of dwarves (who are depicted with much more detail)

As you move past the carving the air has a sort of acrid taste to it. The floors and walls that surround you in the hallway are growing damp. You can see mold is forming in some corners.

As you continue down the hallway you get a glimpse at another carving.

This one is a montage of various people at work. One one side dwarves are shown swinging pick axes and hammers. On the other side elves are shown weaving magic and song. In the middle of the carving are the two colliding, elf and dwarf side by side in a forge weaving magic with metal. There is more silver inlaid in this part of the scene than you've seen your lives, it almost appears to be glowing in the dark.

The hallway continues, and at this point you realize your're actually traveling upwards at a slight angle. The floor and walls are now visibly wet, as if a great flood recently occured. It becomes more difficult to move through the cavern and you need to step more carefully.

The next carving shows an elf and dwarf, both wearing crowns, exchanging weapons. The elf is handing the dwarf an intricate great axe. The dwarf, similarly, is presenting the elf with a delicate curved sword. (Axe is in the dwarf leader's chambers. Sword is in Elleon's house. The weapons should be +1 but when within 30 feet of each other they both evolve into +2s with another bonus. Axe give elven bonuses and sword gives dwarven bonuses? They should also call out to each other)

This is the last carving you see as you suddenly come upon a pair of doors, on one each side of the hallway.