After your most recent adventure you find yourself enjoying another round at the tea kettle. You're sitting at your usual table in a private room when you hear a knock at the door. 

Before you can answer a man barges through the door. He appears to be middle aged but it's hard to put an exact number of years on him as he is a half elf. He's wearing the finest clothes you've ever seen - brightly colored and interwoven with golden thread. He is also wearing quite a bit of what appears to be golden jewelry. As he fidgest with one of his many rings he introduces himself - 

"Pardon the interupution most esteemed and renowed adventurers. My name is Elleon Mustgrave and I've been dying to meet you. You see, I've been searching this city for quite some time for a group of adventurers who could handle anything life throws at them...and from what I've heard you're quite the resourceful bunch."

He goes around the table admiring each adventurer for their deeds:

Greta - "Greta the good! With a heart of gold she protects those who can't protect themselves. An ally you'd want fighting at your side and fun at parties"

Loben - "Loben - as great in magics as he is in height! None can match the power that lies in your mind. and (Also) fun at parties."

Mildrop - "Mildrop the holy! Can vanquish any foe with a quick prayer and a flash of great light! Quick witted and has a keen eye for fashion as well it appears" - eyes Mildrop's jewelry 

Numira - "Numira the maiden of the battlefield! Her hair like fire as she cuts down foe after foe.

and finally - 

Thildus - "Thildus the great! The unbroken! The shield! Most say he's never been harmed! He is of mighty strength and character!"



Elleon wants the party to join him on a journey to the far away town of Everwinter. 

With his business interests in the town increasing he seeks adventurers to handle any problems in the town:
    Fighting off bandits or other worse things
    Solving the townfolks problems 
    Securing the surrounding area so he can continue to expand and invest in the town
The townsfolk don't trust him or his guards so he wants to bring in some people who can connect with them

He promises many adventures and excitement awaits in this faraway place. More than they'd ever encounter in Phlan
    They'd be the only adventureres around so no competition
    Largely unexplored so there's plenty of interesting things around to find

To persuade the adventurers he offers 100 gold - each, as a down payment 
He also offers each of them a unique gift:

Greta - Staff of Flowers

Loben - Pipe of Smoke Monsters

Mildrop - Charlatan's Die

Numira - a Moon-Touched Greatsword

Thildus - Cloak of Billowing

The gifts are brought in by his half orc guards. This is the first time the party sees the muscle Elleon brings with him


"If you agree to accept these gifts and join me - our caravan will be leaving tomorrow. It's quite a long journey, we'll be on the road for several weeks. But my guard will provide us a safe travel I'm sure."