Welcome to the town of Everwinter!

I'm so happy to have you join us here in Everwinter, my new home! My name, if you haven't already met me, is Elleon Mustgrave. Self proclaimed savior of Everwinter! It is my mission to reinvigorate this town and I believe there is plenty of opportunity for both you, the bold adventurer, and myself, the selfless investor.

But enough about me - you want to know about Everwinter! Everwinter, Everwinter, EVERWINTER! I *love* the name, don't you? I wouldn't change it for the world...although Mustgraven has a nice ring to it...anyways, the town! Yes, there are so many AMAZING places to visit. 

First, the Twin Dragon Inn - owned and operated by the Monggutanas sisters. Located in the center of town, you won't find a finer place for food and merriment...except for Mustgrave Manor of course. The inn will be the best place to get a sense of what's happening in the town. There's always news to shared and the occasional traveler too! I've made sure to arrange a room for each of you upon your arrival so make sure to check in and say hi to Phixi for me!

Next - the long abandoned temple at the north side of town...abandoned until I was able to convince a fine cleric to relocate! Vasili will be needing help getting the old temple up and running again - I've heard the graveyard is quite a mess...so make sure to stop in and see if he has any work for you.

The smithy is a fine lass - and strong as an ox. Her name is Baggi and she's set up in her shop on the south side of town. I'm sure she'll be able to take care of any equipment needs you may have.

For anything that can't be made in a forge you'll need to rely on the traveling merchants. I've convinced several merchants to add Everwinter to their normal travel routes! Check out the carts in the town square outside the inn to see who's around and what's available. Perhaps we can work on getting some permanent locations set up for them if business is good...

And now - what to do...Everwinter is a town FULL of suprises as I'm sure you'll find. While I'm sure there's plenty of things to do and people to assist around town I have my own goals I'd hope you'd look into as well. The men I've hired you see around town are primarily there as a sort of 'town guard'. They may look tough and some have even been in a fight but they're not *adventurers*. They don't possess that...eloquent adventurer's touch, if you understand my meaning. This was a long winded way of saying I require the help of YOU specifically. My current project is reopening the long abandoned silver mine to the south. I believe Everwinter was founded to better service the mining village that surrounds the mine. The people of Everwinter won't enter the village, they think it's cursed, or plagued, or worse. I'd request you investigate the village and figure out what can be done. The soonner we clean up the vilage, the sooner we can reopen the mine. Hiring minors means more gold flowing into the town and of course, the mine could hold many riches itself. I'm offering 150 gold to whoever can get investigate the village and break any curse or cure any disease you might find.

Besides the mine - my hired men have had to fend off the occasional attack by these ghastly hyena like creatures...they seem to be coming from the northwest across the plains and farmlands. If we could cut those creatures off at the source I could redouble my mens's efforts elsewhere. Talk to Grano if you must know more. I'll give you 10 gold for proof of each of these creatures you kill and 200 gold for proof of killing their leader.

There will be more requests of course. Feel free to stop by my manor everytime. If I'm not around, due to my many business dealings, my assistant Horkin Applegrove will be more than happy to meet with you.

I know that if we work together we can really make something of this town. Feel free to submit ideas on how you think the town could be improved. Who knows, maybe you can earn enough to fund your own home right here in town!

Tata for now,

Elleon Mustgrave
